Command testing by parsing (#66)
dodona-edu/judge-r: README.md

Note that the student code is executed once for each call to `context`. Technically, this allows the student to store intermediate results in the global environment. The use of this is limited, so we don't see this as a problem.

#### `contextWithParsing`

> The `contextWithParsing` function does the same as context but it allows you to test on intermediate (retuned/printed) results that are not stored in objects. In order to use this function you have to split the student code using "section titles". these are comments with the following pattern: `###[whitespace(s)][section title][whitespace(s)]###`. To define testfunctions per section you can know pass a named list to the `testcases` argument, which links each `section title` with a codeblock containing the testfunctions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `contextWithParsing` function does the same as `context` but it allows you to test on intermediate (returned/printed) results that are not stored in objects. In order to use this function you have to split the student code using "section titles". these are comments with the following pattern: `###[whitespace(s)][section title][whitespace(s)]###`. To define testfunctions per section you can know pass a named list to the `testcases` argument, which links each `section title` with a codeblock containing the test functions. 
```
